[IMP] inventory: direct carrier contract (#7897)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/shipping_receiving/setup_configuration/sendcloud_shipping.rst

too heavy. However, note that these rules will not apply to the shipping price calculation on the
calculation on the sales order.

Personal carrier contract
-------------------------

> To use custom contracts to determine shipping prices with a specific shipping carrier, log in to
> Sendcloud, go to :menuselection:`Settings --> Carriers --> My contracts`, and select the intended
> contract.

Reviewer: The language here isn't clear for me and the sentence is a little long.
How about this?
```suggestion
Use custom prices from a direct carrier contract, via CSV upload, by first logging into Sendcloud,
navigating to :menuselection:`Settings --> Carriers --> My contracts`, and then selecting the
intended contract.
```
